update proxy docs (#4414)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/website/javascript/custom-proxy.md

## Custom CDN / API Proxy

> Note: Follow these instructions after setting up a proxy, such as [CloudFront](#cloudfront).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow these instructions after setting up a proxy such as [CloudFront](#cloudfront). You can choose between the [snippet instructions](#snippet-instructions) or the [npm instructions](#npm-instructions).  
```

To proxy tracking calls that typically go to `api.segment.io/v1`, replace:
```diff
- analytics.load("<MY_WRITE_KEY>")
+ analytics.load("<MY_WRITE_KEY>", { integrations: { "Segment.io": { apiHost: "MY-CUSTOM-API-PROXY.com/v1" }}})
```

### npm instructions

> See the [`npm` library-users instructions](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@segment/analytics-next) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [`npm` library-users instructions](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@segment/analytics-next){:target="_blank"} for more information.
```

Reviewer: we need to include `{:target="_blank"}` so that the link opens up in a new page
